China is LITERALLY torturing and killing off its citizens under the guise of 'protection' from a virus, in an attempt to achieve the impossible - covid zero. And not one Western government is condemning it. At this point you can no longer even pretend this is about saving lives.


Weren’t you the guy that said China got covid better than the USA? Go check out Shanghai for us Mehdi, but bring your own food!

Shanghai, a city of 25 million is under lockdown. We don't want to wear masks on planes. Wow.

You could not make it up. @BBCNews  carefully and meticulously reports THREE Covid deaths in China. When was the last time you heard them comment on the hundreds dying from Covid in the UK, every single day? #covid19 #Omicron

I thought it was odd the other day when the @BBCNews spent around 15 minutes reporting approx 400 deaths in South Africa due to flooding, when the day before the UK had lost over 600 to Covid. Just one day.

With case levels as high as they are at the moment many of the "normal" deaths will coincidentally have had COVID in the last month. It isn't clear how many of the 600 were actually killed by COVID.

I had exactly the same thought. While hundreds dying in this country every day just isn't news.

The problem is, for a long time @BBCNews has been the state's propaganda machine.

neutral, deaths within 28 days is poor measure. With infection rates so high, loads will die with but not from covid. Deaths where covid mentioned on death certificate as one of causes are around 800 p/w. Still high, but latest excess deaths are -ve ie all cause mortality below 5 yr ave

You mean all of the brainwashed people that do not realize Covid is the Flu.

Covid will never be over. It will only be over enough. And it is.

Guys it's OK. Delta says covid is over. IT'S OK NOW.


apparently all the airlines are pretending covid is over and undoing mask policies now so I guess that's reason 38476 I don't fly lmao


And is covid over?  Where are the masks???  Singing and spitting over my head?  I don’t think so.

Covid is over. Stop talking about it. Stop following the bullshit rules.

The XE variant of Omicron is spreading in the U.K., and early research suggests it's more transmissible than BA.2. Wonderful ! Well, I will never ditch the mask.

I am triple vaxxed and still wear my mask in public, but honestly does it matter anymore?  Mitigation measures against the first 4 waves proved to be largely ineffective against Omicron, I'm still doing those things but truthfully think it's inevitable that all of us will get it

Sorry to be the bearer of bad news. If you don't accept it from me accept it from professor Sir John Bell head of medicine Oxford University who said on Radio 4 21st February 2022 "there's no point wearing a mask against omicron they won't work" more >

- [positive to covid, evasive] So I live on a small island on the east coast of Canada called Newfoundland 
It has a very small population and has had hardly any covid “cases”
As of today, masks are no longer mandatory unless you’re in the hospital or the doctors clinic 
I just left Walmart and the amount of people walking around freely without a mask on really did put a smile on my face

- [sarcastic, negative] I happily donate any covid vaccine dose which may be reserved for me to any person that is stupid enough to get one, or two, three, or four.

- [angry, negative] Was something recently on the news? About delta or COVID?! 80% of ppl r wearing masks again 😵😵😵😵😵

- [angry, negative] Could you imagine putting your faith into the narrative, getting the jabs, getting sick from the side effects (which is now being called the variant) and then being labeled an antivaxxer amidst this lie "only the unnvacinated are getting sick".
They will use you up until there's nothing left.

- [mild, negative] If the vaccinated still catch and transmit COVID-19, what difference does a person's vaccination status have on their presence in a space? 
Although it may seem draconian, I can understand the "negative test" requirements logical basis, but this seems completely religious in tone and substance.

- [cynical, negative] Most people have no clue, and do not care. Do your due diligence and do not let such people dictate your life choice. That's all I have to say.

- [frustrated, negative] My company sent the dreaded 'get vaccinated' email yesterday. 
Today I spent two hours trying to convince a Catholic priest to grant me a religious exemption (I was raised in this religion) to no avail. I then spoke with a Greek orthodox priest who would not grant me an exemption based on the fact I am not a part of their church, even though I could tell he was sympathetic to my point this was biblical end times. 
I'm beyond frustrated. We should NOT be blackmailed with our ability to earn a living contingent upon this injection. 
Has anyone had any actual luck getting an religious exemption?


- [cynical, negative] Just enjoy the ride, man. Take pride that you honored the truth and these people are sheep. This is actually the norm for human history, people violently forcing themselves on each other and killing each other. We enjoyed relative good run—minus a few wars and “isms” that killed a few hundred million—because of the love-thy-neighbor effects of Christianity, whether you believe the core message of the Bible or not. This principal is no longer taught—government is God again—and so we will have the gladiator fights, purges, gulags, etc., for those who defy the state. COVID vaccine compliance and enforcement is the new version of this depravity. P.S. Do whatever you can to resist and survive without taking the poison death shot, brother.

- [suicidal, negative] I'm from Melbourne AU. I can't do this anymore
I went from a house and 2 beautiful daughters and wife to homeless and left with literally nothing.
These constant lockdowns and lack of empathy or even willing to listen to people has destroyed so much and it's only going to get worse. They wanna make the covid passport stay so police state stays.
I'm going to kill myself I have nothing left. I don't wanna play a game I know I will loose in everytime. Dan Andrews and your team of Muppets, karma is literally my final hope.
I want these people to feel pain just feel something other than being superior and all powerful. They need to die painfully and even then they will never pay for their sins.
All it takes it one moment in history for everything to change. You keep breaking men down to nothing. 
Those broken men will break you.


- [cynical, negative] This to me is the most fundamental question that should be posed to those that are listening without question to those who are promoting these vaccines, vaccine passports, lockdowns etc.?
They claim that these independent doctors and scientists questioning what’s been happening are spreading misinformation etc. and costing lives.
Why?  What is their motive?  They want to see people die?  They want to have their arguments censored?  Have their social media channels  demonetized or deplatformed? They want to lose government funded grants?  They want to risk their professional standing?
I don’t see a monetary benefit.
I don’t see any professional benefit.
Ask the people who believe what they are being told for an explanation because I don’t see any.

